Wow, all the rich families and nobles in Jiangcheng are here
This Miss Su really has a lot of face.
Of course!
My cousin is the apple of the Su family's eye
On his 18th birthday
Three-person dormitory
Everyone gave him a rite of passage worth tens of billions
He gave an order
The whole Jiangcheng has to shake three times, sister one
Can I really see Su Mingchen later?
Of course, hey.
son
If you can hook up with this Miss Su family
After our family
You can enjoy endless glory and wealth
That's not counting to innocence
Why is that bitch here?
Master Qianli was angry and I waited again
I'll take you in
Thank you housekeeper
I didn't expect the Su family's banquet
I was actually mixed in by your batch of mouse shit
You rat shit cops
I just didn't think of it.
This is my party